Add Insights prerequisite (#3735)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/con_monitoring-hosts-by-using-red-hat-insights.adoc

For hosts already registered to {Project}, you can install and configure Insights on your hosts by using an Ansible role.
For more information, see xref:deploying-red-hat-insights-by-using-the-ansible-role[].

ifdef::satellite[]

> If you register your host to a new {ProjectServer}, reregister it to Insights to avoid duplicate entries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you register your host to a new {ProjectServer}, reregister the host to Insights to avoid creating duplicate entries.
```
